1. Features of java?
2. What is wora?
3. Architecture-neutral vs platform-independent?
4. Why interpretation? 
5. Is java faster than C & C++?
	just in time compiler name -> HOTSPOT
6. Abstraction and Encapsulation relation?
	attributes should not be allowed for modification directly(use Getters and Setters)
7 Polymorphism?
8 can overloading happen between parent and child?
9 Do private members get inherited in child class?
	No, only public members
11.0 Different scopes?
	maximum restrictive ->  private
				default(Same Package) 
				protected 
				public
11  features that started in java 1.5, 1.6, 1.7?
	 1.7 -> NIO 
	        binary pattern storage till 32-bits
		Executor Framework(Multi-Threading Feature)
		Synchronizers(barriers, counters)
 
	1.8 ->	Multiple try single catch 
12 Atomic interger and long?
	Other atomic members does not exist		
13 Parent class of exception?
14 Checked vs Uncheckedexceptions?
	checked -> compile-time
	unchecked -> runtime
15 unchecked dosent force to write exception but allows, why?
	can cause problems for programmers
16 Why custom exceptions?
	reduction in programming complexity
17 null pointer exception(again and again), is he a good programmer?
	no, because he is not instantiating the objects
18 Dynamic Data Structures advantages and disadvantages?
	Memory Leak problem is avoided using collections.
19 Different types of Collections?
20 Collection heirarchy?
21 Featues of List?
22 arraylist vs linkedlist?
23 which interfaceslinkedlisat implement?
24 unique feature of Set?
25 Fastest performing set?
	HashSet -> bcoz, no order
26 HashCode and Equals method not overridden in a class, and its object inserted into hashset then what?
	it allows duplicate entries and the program fails silently
27 Ticket Booking Collection choice?
	LinkedList
28 No implementation of comparator or comparable by a class and we try to insert it into a treeset then what?
29 comparator and comparable, when?
30 which algorithm is implemented in treeset for sorting?
	red-black tree
31 vectors vs array-list?
	vector -> thread safe(synchronize methods, legacy collection)
	ArrayLists grow by 50% of the previous size when space is not sufficient for new element, where as Vector will grow by 100% of the previous size when there is no space for new incoming element.
32 Different types of streams?
	byte and character streams
	character stream -> internationalize your application.
			    if you want to read a charater set and translate into another character set then you use charcter stream.
	byte stream -> to read and write byte-by-byte.
33 why do we need serialization?
	to store objects in secondary memory and send objects over network.
34 when deserializing, is the constructor called?
	No
35 when deserializing, class where it is deserialized is not present then which exception is thrown?
	classNotFound Exception
36 calss that is not serializable but we try to serialize its object, what will happen?
	NotSerializableException
37 parent class is not serializable but child is serializable then?
	parent serializable object can not be serialized through child serializable object. (vice-versa allowed (default constructor is called)) 
38 use of transient?
39 What are the advantages of jdbc?
	4 advantages -> {Provide Existing Enterprise Data, Simplified Enterprise Development, Zero Configuration for Network Computers, Full Access to Metadata}
40 Different interfaces in JDBC?
41 which method executes DDL and DML queries?
	executeUpdate.
42 which method executes select query?
	executeQuery.
43 how to check if more records exists or not?
	resultSet.next()
44 advantages of preparedStatements?
	A PreparedStatement Object would be faster than a Statement Object where repeated execution of SQL statements is required. The reason is that the creation of a PreparedStatement object causes it to be precompiled within the database. So, it does not have to be recompiled during the execution again and again. 
	Automatic prevention of SQL injection attacks by builtin escaping of quotes and other special characters.
45 need of web-server?
46 which protocol web-server or web-contaier implements?
	HTTP
47 web-server vs web-container?
	web-container manages life-cycle of servlet
48 what is apache-tomcat?
	application server.
49 to qualify a web-server which 3 methods of http protocols must be implemented?
	GET, POST, HEAD.
50 Different http methods?
51 life-cycle of servlet?
	Loading a Servlet.
	Initializing the Servlet.
	Request handling.
	Destroying the Servlet.
52 when servlet class is defined wether no constructor is defined or no constructor, why?
	bcoz, web-container cannot decide which constructor to call so it always calls default constructor.
53 what is servlet-config?
	servlet-config is an interface
	stores key-value pair of different configuration parameter for every seperate servlet
	ServletConfig object is created by web container for each servlet to pass information to a servlet during initialization.
54 servlet-context/web-application?
	Single.
58 In HTTP servlet we dont override service methods, why?
59 How to check if GET method is invoked or POST?
	request.getMethod()
60 which exception service method throws?
	ServletException and IOException
61 when is servlet exception thrown?
	whens servlet is busy  -> unavailableException.
62 Different ways of session management?
	User Authentication, HTML Hidden Field ,Cookies, URL Rewriting, Session Management API.
63 which exception destroy method throws?
	No Exception is thrown.
64 Different method in servlet 
65 difference between request dispatchers forward and include?
	forward -> forwards the control to the next servlet/jsp you are calling.
	include -> while include retains the control with the current servlet, it just includes the processing done by the calling servlet/jsp.

* Simplicity
* Exceptional-handling
* Functional-Programming
* Multi-Threading
* Interpretted & Compiled
* Secure
	jar file never harms your computer
* Security manager
* Encapsulation
	binding attributes and methods(not function)
	function can exist without a class but a method dosent
* Abstraction
* multiple variables of only single data type can be declared inside for loop 
* A switch works with the byte , short , char , and int primitive data types
